okay hey this is wood Geist I've got a
few steps down in my project so far what
I've done is cut out some of the handle
pieces you can see I'm doing angled
wedges I think it'll just look a little
cooler I was planning on using in a
brass bolster and in shaping it I used a
tool that was too wide so now it doesn't
fit it's a lot too big of a gap so what
I decided to do instead was have a top
layer of stabilized curly birch and it's
glued up to the handle there's a bit of
an issue with the with making a bolster
to fit the odell because the OTL doesn't
have a spot for the bolster like the
harding but with a few trials I finally
got something to fit you got a glued up
I didn't use a jig I held it in place by
hand and sort of make shifted a clamp
from some wood clamps and but it worked
out good I'll just show you what it's
supposed to look like what I've decided
to do is go vulcanized fiber leather
vulcanized fiber between everything so
that it'll be like a three piece spacer
then from there it won't be a piece of
rosewood
another layer of organized fiber and
leather then my main piece of curly
birch more of a nice fiber and leather
and then one final piece of rosewood
like that and what I've decided to do is
end on a bit of a slant and once this
has been glued and dried I'm gonna add
another thin layer of stabilizer Leaburg
just like at the top so it'll go stuff
on my computer they'll go clearly birch
the vulcanized fiber in leather rosewood
both nice fiber and leather curly birch
again vulcanized fiber and leather
rosewood
then another vulcanize fiber and leather
and then a thin piece of stabilized
curly birch so that's the project so far
I have to create myself a jig for gluing
and yeah there we go